hey you guys is this s'mores XD and this
is my first video that is going to be
going on the YouTube channel okay so i
just bought this six mode sale
throughout our controller see there's no
buttons nothing just it's in the trigger
as you can see there's a box I got it
out of I've tried taking apart my black
controller and mod getting it up but you
know it didn't work out so who cares but
I want you guys to know that I am
s'mores from ttg that's a newly made
account I don't cause this is my first
time being on ttg and i also have a jtag
that's it right there but I went through
a bad flashing fuck for that baby up so
well can you say and then there's the
Xbox that I play on with the USB Drive
but anyway so let's get to showing the
rapid fuck rapid fire
lady zoom out move back some hold on you
guys okay
okay i'll look like it's gonna
okay so right now the rapid fire is off
there's no rapid fire on I'll show you
that hold on okc oh sorry got all right
see
reload and I'm gonna put it into mode to
mow that's mode one it doesn't do
anything mud to is for call of duty
modern warfare 2 now watch
all right now that's the first part of
the video but there's more to come
because there's more than one mo 7 mode
seems to work pretty good for model 32
so hold on
so it seems to work pretty good for this
well need to kill myself son
all right c7 mode cells in the 7th mode
since work all right i bought this off
ebay by the way
but
I need to find out which mode is for a
call of duty modern warfare two so I'm
just going to stop the video here and
then I'll start it back up when I put